Add info on how to create an issue from a discussion (#9119)
github/docs: content/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/creating-an-issue.md

{% data reusables.repositories.assign-an-issue-as-project-maintainer %}
{% data reusables.repositories.submit-new-issue %}

{% ifversion fpt %}

## Creating an issue from discussion

> You can even create an issue from a discussion. Anyone with read access to the repository can create an issue from a discussion. Follow the steps below to create an issue from discussion :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
People with triage permission to a repository can create an issue from a discussion.

When you create an issue from a discussion, the contents of the discussion post will be automatically included in the issue body, and any labels will be retained. Creating an issue from a discussion does not convert the discussion to an issue or delete the existing discussion. For more information about {% data variables.product.prodname_discussions %}, see "[About discussions](/discussions/collaborating-with-your-community-using-discussions/about-discussions)."
```

Author: @lecoursen I think even people with read access can do so.

See even I can do that in github/docs :

![Create Issue from Discussion](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/51746608/130724481-3ffdd41e-c5a5-491c-a480-dd2cc37df4f1.jpg)

I guess read access ≠ triage access

Reviewer: Thanks! Our internal issue for this feature specifically mentions triage. Maybe we misunderstood, though! I'll double check with that team. 👍🏻

Author: @lecoursen I will take these in after you've confirmed with the team

{% data reusables.discussions.discussions-tab %}
{% data reusables.discussions.click-discussion-in-list %}
1. Select {% octicon "issue-opened" aria-label="The issues icon" %} **Create Issue from Discussion**.
   ![Create Issue from Discussion](/assets/images/help/discussions/create-issue-from-discussion.jpg)
{% data reusables.repositories.type-issue-title-and-description %}
{% data reusables.repositories.assign-an-issue-as-project-maintainer %}
{% data reusables.repositories.submit-new-issue %}

> {% note %}
> 
> **Note**: Creating an issue from a discussion **does not** convert the discussion to an issue or delete the existing discussion. Only a new issue is created and the discussion from which it was created is linked to it. For more information, see "[About Discussions](/discussions/collaborating-with-your-community-using-discussions/about-discussions)" and "[Moderating Discussions](/discussions/managing-discussions-for-your-community/moderating-discussions)".
> 
> {% endnote %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
